OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT

Date: 20 September 2026

Dear Arjun Mehta,
Email: arjun.mehta@example.com | Mobile: +91 9123456780

We are pleased to offer you the position of Associate Software Engineer at NovaByte Technologies Private Limited ("the Company") on the following terms.

1. Compensation
Your annual Cost to Company (CTC) will be Rs. 6,00,000. This includes a variable pay component of Rs. 1,20,000 which is payable at the sole discretion of management based on company and individual performance.

2. Joining Bonus
You will receive a one-time joining bonus of Rs. 50,000. If you leave the Company for any reason within 24 months of joining, you must repay the full joining bonus.

3. Probation
You will be on probation for 6 months, which may be extended by the Company at its discretion. During probation, the Company may terminate your employment without notice.

4. Service Agreement and Training Bond
You will undergo training at the Company's cost. You agree to serve the Company for a minimum period of 2 years from the date of joining. If you resign or are terminated for any reason before completing 2 years, you shall pay the Company liquidated damages of Rs. 2,00,000.

5. Original Documents
You are required to submit your original educational certificates, which will be retained by the Company until you complete the service period.

6. Notice Period
After confirmation, either party may terminate employment by giving 90 days notice. The Company may, at its discretion, refuse to accept a notice period buyout by the employee. The Company may terminate your employment with 30 days notice or salary in lieu thereof.

7. Working Hours
Normal working hours are 9:30 AM to 6:30 PM, Monday to Friday. You may be required to work additional hours and weekends as per business needs without additional compensation.

8. Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation
For a period of 2 years after leaving the Company, you shall not join or work for any competitor or client of the Company anywhere in India, and you shall not solicit any employee of the Company.

9. Intellectual Property
All work, inventions and code created by you during your employment, including work done outside office hours using personal devices, shall be the exclusive property of the Company.

10. Transfer
You may be transferred to any location, department or group company in India or abroad at the discretion of the Company.

11. Acceptance
Please sign and return a copy of this letter within 3 days as a token of your acceptance, failing which this offer shall stand withdrawn.

For NovaByte Technologies Private Limited
HR Department
